[DO NOT MERGE] Documentation (#111)
canonical/kyuubi-k8s-operator: docs/how-to/h-integrate-application.md

# How to integrate with another application

> [Integrations](https://juju.is/docs/juju/relation), also known as “relations” are connections between two applications with compatible endpoints. These connections simplify the creation and management of users, passwords, and other shared data.

Reviewer: Suggestion: We should avoid explaining concepts in How-to guides. Even more so for concepts non-specific to our product. Let's just add a link to the Juju docs page when we use the term.

```suggestion
```

> This guide shows how to integrate Charmed Apache Kyuubi with both charmed and non-charmed applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide shows how to integrate Charmed Apache Kyuubi K8s with both charmed and non-charmed applications.
```

> For developer information about how to integrate your own charmed application with Charmed Kyuubi, see []().

Reviewer: Todo: Either add a valid link or delete/hide it.

## Integrate with a charmed application

> Integrations with charmed applications are supported via the modern `kyuubi_client` interface.

Reviewer: Chore: Make sure to keep an empty line before and after special blocks, like admonitions, code blocks, headings, even lists. Here and everywhere else.

```suggestion
Integrations with charmed applications are supported via the modern `kyuubi_client` interface.

```

```{note}
You can see which existing charms are compatible with Kyuubi in the [Integrations](https://charmhub.io/kyuubi-k8s/integrations) tab on Charmhub.

> ```

Reviewer: Chore: Make sure to use the correct syntax for Notes and other admonitions. Discourse uses BBcodes - 

```suggestion
[note]
You can see which existing charms are compatible with Kyuubi in the [Integrations](https://charmhub.io/kyuubi-k8s/integrations) tab on Charmhub.
[/note]
```

> ### `kyuubi_client` interface

Reviewer: Suggestion: Let's not use inline code blocks in a heading. We can use the definitive article.

```suggestion
### The kyuubi_client interface
```

To integrate, run

> ```text

Reviewer: Chore: Make sure to use `shell` or `bash` for code blocks with shell commands for proper syntax highlighting. Check all code blocks for appropriate syntax selection.

```suggestion
```shell
```

> juju integrate kyuubi-k8s:database <charm>

Reviewer: Praise: Good job in using the `integrate` instead of `relate` here.

```

To remove the integration, run
```text
juju remove-relation kyuubi-k8s <charm>
```

## Integrate with a non-charmed application

> To integrate with an application outside of Juju, you must use the [`data-integrator` charm](https://charmhub.io/data-integrator) to create the required credentials and endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To integrate with an application outside of Juju, use the [`data-integrator` charm](https://charmhub.io/data-integrator) to create the required credentials and endpoints.
```

Deploy `data-integrator`:
```text
juju deploy data-integrator --config database-name=<name>
```

Integrate with Kyuubi K8s:
```text
juju integrate data-integrator kyuubi-k8s
```

Use the `get-credentials` action to retrieve credentials from `data-integrator`:
```text
juju run data-integrator/leader get-credentials
```

## Rotate application passwords

To rotate the passwords of users created for integrated applications, the integration should be removed and created again. This process will generate a new user and password for the application.

```text
juju remove-relation <charm> kyuubi-k8s
juju integrate <charm> kyuubi-k8s
```

> In the case of connecting with a non-charmed application, `<charm>` would be `data-integrator`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a non-charmed application, the `data-integrator` is the `<charm>`.
```
